#summary Cadpage FAQ

= Introduction =
This is the FAQ for the android application Cadpage. 

Cadpage was created by Fire/EMS Personnel that wanted a better 
way to get their calls and map them.

= Breaking News =

V 1.1.19 has been released on Oct 28, 2010
For support email support@cadpage.org

== How does Cadpage work ? ==

Cadpage requires that you already receive or can receive your fire/ems pages to your phone as an sms message. Currently this app will NOT work if we do not already support your location/district. 

== Currently Supported Locations ==

 * Adams County, CO
 * Oconee County, GA
 * Smyrna, GA
 * Madison County, IN
 * Tipton County, IN
 * Allegany County, MI
 * Babylon, NY
 * Dix Hills, NY
 * Herkimer County, NY
 * Suffolk, NY
 * Benton County, OR
 * Prineville, OR
 * Lancaster, PA
 * Harris County, TX
 * Henry County, VA
 * and of course Loudoun County, VA

Locations in Queue:
 * Amityville Fider, NY
 * Longview, TX
 * Northglenn and Commerce City, CO
 * Anoka County, MN


== Want this app to work for your County ? ==

Email at least 5-6 example texts to cadpage@arcolavfd.org please have at least one that is based on an intersection as well as some street addresses. If you know the name of your CAD Vendor please include that. From that we can start the work. Please also include the email address that the messages come from.

== Version History ==

V 1.2.0 
  * Adding Centreville, MD
  * Adding Arnold, MD
  * Try to get delete calls fixed.

V 1.1.19 Oct 28, 2010
  * New Locations (a lot)
  * Bug Fixes 
  * New Graphics
  * New email and website. http://www.cadpage.org
  * For support email support@cadpage.org

V 1.1.17 released
  * Bug Fixes for LCFR Dispatches.
  * Bug fix for crash on startup.
  * Auto-send of crash reports.

V 1.1.16 released on 10/8/10
  * Bug fixes for LCFR dispatches.
  * Bug fixes for crash on startup issues.
  * No new locations (sorry for the delay for those waiting. They should be in this weekend)

V 1.1.15 released on 10/3/10
  * Sorry about the rapid releases. We had some bugs that were causing the app to not be use-able. These have been resolved and tested. 
  * New notification Icon and other minor changes. 

V 1.1.14 released on 10/2/10
  * This was an emergency release to resolve an issue with LCFR address parsing.
  * This release also fixed an issue with crashes when changing notification settings like LED color or vibrate pattern.
  * No new locations added due to time constraint.

V 1.1.13 released on 10/1/10
  * Ability to clear all historic calls
  * Several fixes for crashes regarding history and rerun call.
  * Added Livingston, MI
  * Added Babylon, NY
  * Added Dix Hills, NY
  * The delete individual calls still does not work.
  * Occasional alert when in standby not working has been fixed.

V 1.1.12 released on 9/24/10
  * A few bug fixes including crash on more than 10 calls
  * Ken has been working more on the call history and other clean up
  * No new counties added this time (sorry)
  * Next release should be on Wed and should include 3 new counties.

V 1.1.11 released on 9/19/10
  * First run on Call History
  * 2 new counties added, Herkimer, NY and Oconee, GA
  * more fixes.

V 1.1.10 released on 9/13/10
  * Harris TX support is working and should be tested by users.
  * New Google Maps app is default mapping now. Select address balloon to use driving directions.
  * More features that were not in use have been removed. 
  * More code cleanup in preparation for call history functionality.
  * Additional fix to resolve SMS notification clashes.  

V 1.1.9  released on 9/9/10 (seems fitting enough)
4 Locations now Supported. 
Loudoun,VA - Suffolk, NY - Harris, TX- and Benton County, OR.

V 1.1.9 is in the works. A new developer has joined up and now that the base work is stable we are starting to put the ground work in for cleanup and new functionality.
  * Added a feature that should keep the default sms app from receiving messages that cadpage intercepts and acts on.
  * Adding a filter so that we ignore all text messages except those from the address you specify (we will try to have defaults per location as people report them)
  * Removed some bloat in extra language packs and cleared out code we are not using. Removed to previous permissions SMS_Write


V 1.1.8 was released to fix some bugs and crashes. 

V1.1.7 is out. Suffolk users can now try Cadpage. Please report crashes or issues. We currently only have 2 city codes BRENTW and NBAYSH so all other areas will fail to map. let us know of other city codes.


= Details =

This reads incoming text messages. If it sees specific keys in the text message it will treat it as a call and present a popup and options. If the popup's are not happening then check that Cadpage is enabled, and that your location is correct.

For this to work you must meet the following two requirements.
 You must get your calls to your phone via text message.